November 8th. It stopped raining, but our robes were not dry at all.
We were feeling bad, and we left at 8 am.
The army began.
The road was wide when we left the main road, but it was like a road with a drop of mud.
The shoes and wheels had deep holes, and we could not walk.
I felt a pain in my ankle, and my neck, which I hit last night, hurt.
I felt like my chest was going to be stuffed, so I took a break and walked.
The main road was hard to walk, so I went into the well with water on both sides.
I slipped, and I was buried in the river, but it was better than the main road.
I was worried, and I followed the soldiers.
I was late from the main road, and I was separated from the soldiers.
I looked at the main road while taking a break.
The vehicle squad was more painful than us.
The horse was trying to pull out the vehicle that was bitten by the mud.
This time, I was caught and I was shot many times.
The soldiers, who were black because of the mud, took the horse's mane and turned the wheel with their hands.
It was almost a step by step.
The fire truck could not pass through the main road, so it was broken down and put on the water and the horse.
The soldiers were holding the cannon.
I heard that the horse had fallen down on the rear of the horse.
There were already water and donkey in the field.
The vehicle squad and the soldiers walked on the main road.
As far as I could see, they continued to march.
No matter which soldier, they were all in pain and suffering.
But from here, it was just a flash of light and looked beautiful.
I began to feel that there was a beautiful landscape like a frame.
Each frame was filled with an unparalleled look.
The fact that it looked very beautiful as a whole meant that it was not visible, but really beautiful, strong and brave.
I was happy to see it.
I started walking.
There were numerous dogs, cats first and a dog chicken at next to it.
I couldn't stop thinking about it and there was so much ball.
I pretended to be calm, because after that the grab grew, and the blocks piled.